This repository is intended to utilize Vagrant[1] and Virtualbox[2] to
automatically convert WebEx `.arf` files into `.mp3` and `.mp4` files.

With Vagrant and Virtualbox properly installed and configured on a
user's workstation, it should be a simple matter of running:

    $ vagrant up

This command will create a new Ubuntu 14.04 VM (possibly download any
necessary VM images from the Vagrant Atlas), configure the system with
the necessary packages and software, and then run the conversion tool[3]
to actual do the conversion of `.arf` files to `.mp3` and `.mp4`.

The files to be converted are automatically detected using the `.arf`
files contained in the `arf` directory. Thus, one must place any files
they wish to be converted into that directory, in order for them to be
converted.

The `.mp3` and `.mp4` output files from the conversion process will be
placed into the `mp3` and `mp4` directories, and the output files will
have the same name as the input `.arf` files; except the extension will
be replaced to match the new media format (e.g. `.arf` replaced with
`.mp3`).

It's possible to add more `.arf` files retroactively. This is done
simply by adding the new files to be converted into the `arf` directory,
and running:

    $ vagrant provision

This will re-run the provisioning scripts, in which case the new files
added to the input `arf` directory will be automatically detected and
converted. Keep in mind, it's possible that manual tweaks to the VM has
gotten it into an incompatible state (e.g. if it was rebooted, the
`/vagrant` synced folder may not be mounted), in which case a reload of
the guest might need to be issued:

    $ vagrant reload

This will reboot the VM, after which it should be possible to rerun the
provision scripts as detailed above. If that doesn't help, the whole VM
might need to be destroyed and recreated, this is possible by running
these two commands:

    $ vagrant destroy -f
    $ vagrant up

Be careful, though, this will completely destroy the VM and any files
and data it contains (excluding the `/vagrant` directory).

NOTE: While it's intended to convert the `.arf` files into the `.mp4`
format, that functionality doesn't quite work yet so it has been
disabled. Currently, only `.mp3` files will be created; but it's
possible that `.mp4` conversion support will be fixed at some point.

References:

    1. https://www.vagrantup.com/
    2. https://www.virtualbox.org/
    3. https://www.webex.co.uk/support/downloads.html
       ("NBR2MP4 Converter" section)
